docs: update UI text to 'Record payload in traffic logs' (#1733)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: getting-started/configure-first-api.mdx

     - Scroll through your **API Name list**,
     - Use the **Search field** or **Group by Authentication Type** to filter APIs.
   - Leave all other options at their default settings.

>    <!-- TODO: Update screenshot to show "Record payload in traffic logs" instead of "Enable Detailed Logging" -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   <img src="/img/getting-started/configure-api-key.png" alt="Configure API Key" />

4. Click on the **Configuration Tab** and add the below details.

>    - **Record payload in traffic logs**: This is optional and disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Enable Detailed Logging**: This is optional and disabled by default.
```
